Previous ChapterNext Chapter

‘My head really hurts….’
This was Fang Ming’s first thought upon waking up. It felt as if there was a cut on his head, hurting so badly that it seemed as if his skull was about to crack apart.
As his consciousness cleared, he realised he was riding on what seemed like a horse carriage. His body bounced along to the rhythm of the moving carriage, sending shockwaves through the wound. The pain was so great that he had to suck in several sharp breaths.
Opening his eyes, he surveyed his surroundings.
What filled his vision were walls formed from hollowed planks. Sharing this carriage with him were quite a few fair-haired and blue-eyed youths, their eyes closed in their reverie. Not one of them bothered to spare a glance in his direction.
He seemed to be lying down on the floor of the carriage. Feeling the biting cold from the wood, Fang Ming realised that his body would not be able to bear lying down much longer. To avoid catching a cold, he struggled hard to get up in a hurry.
At that moment, he felt a sharp pain lancing through his head.
The pain was sudden, and brought with it a flood of strange memories. Fang Ming’s eyes rolled back as he fainted.
“Leylin… Leylin! Wake up…” Fang Ming heard in his daze, and couldn’t help but open his eyes.
‘Is this… reincarnation?’ He still clearly remembered the dazzling flames from the energy reactor’s explosion, one that was impossible to survive with his lack of protection. On top of that, this type of carriage made of wooden planks was considered an ancient antique in his old world, and would definitely not be used.
After organising the new memories in his mind, Fang Ming gained some insight about his body and this world.
This realm was in an era that was similar to the European Middle Ages. But there was something more to this world than that, the presence of a mysterious force. The presence… of magic.
The original owner of his current body was called Leylin Farlier, and he was the son of a minor noble. He had been tested to be gifted with the talent to become a Magus and as such his father, Viscount John Farlier, had pulled strings to allow him to become a magician-in-training, an acolyte. The horse carriage he was currently on was travelling towards a magic academy.
The one who had woken him up was a large, male youth.
His large eyes were surrounded by his thick eyebrows which complemented his long, straight nose and sparkling gold hair. Although his face was somewhat tender, showing his youth, he had a sturdy, muscular body. He looked extremely manly.
Seeing that Fang Ming had awoken, the boy laughed happily, “Haha… Leylin, you’re finally awake! If you had been even a few minutes late, you probably wouldn’t have made it to dinner. You don’t want to starve, do you?”
Fang Ming lowered his eyes. After some thought, he figured out this person’s identity, “Thanks, George!”
All the youths on this carriage had been tested to be gifted with magic. George was a Count’s legitimate son, and a favoured one at that. When his gift was revealed, the Count spent a lot of resources and pulled many strings in order to enter a magic academy.
‘A Count?’ Fang Ming inwardly thought.
His memories returned to Leylin’s father, Viscount John Farlier. His lands were about as large as a single city from Fang Ming’s previous life, and he had thousands of soldiers under his command.
In this world, noble rankings were inexorably tied to personal strength. George’s father being a count meant that his holdings were likely the size of at least several cities, and his annual income was a few thousand gold coins. And even with such finances and power at his disposal, it had taken a lot of effort for him to get George on this carriage. Fang Ming couldn’t help but wonder how Leylin’s father managed to do the same for him.
Even as he began to ponder the question, another sharp pain jolted through his head, and another scene appeared in his mind’s eye.
He was in a dark room, with the musty old shelves lining the sides filled with a sense of antiquity. The surroundings were chock full of dust.
Under dim light, John Farlier solemnly passed him a ring, saying, “Leylin, my dear son, this is our Farlier Family’s heirloom, a promise from a Magus. Your grandfather had once helped an injured Magus out, and in return, he gifted him this ring.
“This ring is a promise. If any of your grandfather’s descendants had the gift of magic, they could use this ring to enter a magic academy for free! I give this to you, now, in hopes that you can be the pride of the Farlier Family and uphold our legacy…”
‘The ring!’ Fang Ming’s eyes narrowed, and his right hand subconsciously moved to his chest.
As his hand touched his clothing, he could feel a solid underneath, the metal ring was still there.
Heaving a sigh of relief in his heart, he thought to himself, ‘Phew! Either those guys didn’t recognise this as a treasure, or there’s a restriction of sorts. Either way, thank goodness this wasn’t snatched away.’
Fang Ming was a scientist in his former life, and the very mention of such a mysterious force as magic filled him with a desire to conduct some research about it.
Furthermore, he didn’t want to be chased back home because he had lost such an important proof of entry.
Although he had taken over this body and even its memories, he was still very different from the original Leylin. His family members, who had spent years with him, would easily be able to tell the difference. If they mistook him as being possessed by a demon and perhaps begged one of those mysterious Magi to investigate, it was extremely likely that he would be found out.
‘However, if I can enter a magic academy, I probably won’t return for at least several years. By that time, any changes in behaviour will be written off as par for the course. Magi are known to be strange and eccentric. At that point, it would be strange if I hadn’t changed at all, not if I had!’
Just as he was in deep thought, a pair of strong large hands suddenly assisted him to his feet.
“What are you thinking about?” George asked.
“No– Nothing!” Fang Ming quickly shook his head, but then held onto it once more, still in pain.
He suddenly spun his head around and looked at George, causing the boy’s heart to stop in its tracks. He felt as if he was being stared at by a venomous snake.
Fang Ming rolled his eyes and asked, “Dearest George, why didn’t you wake me up earlier, instead letting me just lie on the floor like that for so long?”
“Heh heh! I saw you having such a nice sleep, and thought you liked lying down there!” George scratched his head abashedly. However, his eyes sparked with a cunning gleam.
Under Fang Ming’s murderous glare, he finally raised his hands in surrender, “Fine! Fine! Who asked you to offend my goddess. Offending her is still fine; as your bro, I am not such a petty person. Alas, the entire carriage is now treating you like an enemy, and I don’t want to be isolated too!”
‘Offend? Goddess?’ Fang Ming scratched his head, but then he suddenly remembered why he was beaten up.
It was a girl named Bessita. Although she was only 15 years of age, her body was already well-developed and voluptuous. In addition to her big watery eyes, it was a huge draw to the lecherous Leylin.
The original Leylin was no gentleman. He had lost his virginity at the age of twelve, and after that, he had either seduced or forced his way with many others, and had by now slept with more than a hundred women! He had been known as the scourge of his father’s holdings.
As Fang Ming finished exploring the memories, he rolled his eyes once again in disdain. No wonder this body was so weak and frail, it wasn’t just because of the injuries.
Thinking back, it was clear that Leylin had been too used to causing trouble in his own territory, and hadn’t been able to control himself when he saw Bessita.
The first few times it was still rather normal; flirting and making passes at her. Near the end, however, he had resorted to violent means. When Fang Ming saw these memories, he couldn’t help but label the original as an idiot.
That Bessita was the princess of a small country! And Leylin still wanted to rape her. Was there a brain in his skull or was it just dirt? Sheesh!
What happened after went without saying– Leylin was taught a savage lesson by a bunch of ‘Flower Guardians’, eventually succumbing to the injuries. This had eventually benefitted Fang Ming.
‘Heh, this Bessita isn’t as simple as she appears. Such a scheming mind!’ Fang Ming laughed coldly at this thought.
‘Fine. No matter what, I have taken over your body. If I get the chance, I’ll avenge you. After all, I’m now Leylin Farlier!’ Fang Ming swore in his heart.
Leylin found no mention of anything resembling Asians in his memories, nor had he heard anything about China. In this new western world, using his own Chinese name would be too dangerous!
Leylin looked around to find that there was nobody else inside the spacious carriage. It was no wonder that George had come to call him over.
“No matter what, I still have to thank you! George, do you have any medicine?” Fang Ming stood up and stretched his body. Although it still hurt in a few places, it did not impede his movements, and the wound at the back of his head had already become a scab.
“Heh heh…I knew that you’d need this!” George laughed as he tossed a small bottle over, “This is my family’s secret product. I heard that it’s usually used during Knight training, and is extremely effective against any bodily injuries!”
As George spoke, he looked around furtively, “Alright! Dinner is about to start. I’m going to head there first, you should apply the medicine quickly and hurry over too. Remember, do not tell anyone else about our friendship!”
After he finished speaking, he had run off like a gust of wind!
Looking at George’s figure disappearing into the distance, Leylin couldn’t help but massage his forehead. It looked like this Leylin had truly stirred up a hornet’s nest. Was it such a big deal? His memories told him that the people of this world were rather open about sex…
At this point, he couldn’t do anything to remedy the situation. Swiftly taking off his clothes, Leylin quickly rubbed the medicine all over the injuries on his body.
“Hss… This damned George. Couldn’t he help me apply the medicine before leaving?” Leylin drew several sharp cold breaths as he applied the medicine.
The medicine was extremely effective. As soon as he applied it, there was a cooling sensation and the pain vanished.
After he had dealt with the wounds on his body, Leylin put on his clothes and opened the carriage door.
*Whoosh!* A gentle breeze blew over. The sun was setting on the horizon, painting everything a golden red.
Leylin’s eyes moistened as he muttered, “No matter what, it feels good to be alive!”
Looking at the surroundings, he noticed several large carriages forming a circle to make a crude temporary campsite. There was a large fire in the middle.
There were many youths around the fire, sitting and resting on cloth mats laid on the ground. They were laughing and playing with each other while eating the bread in their hands.
Leylin walked towards a table that had quite a few breads and juices placed on it. According to his memories, this was where food was distributed.
When he approached the area, he saw that there were a few people queuing up. As they spotted Leylin, their gazes turned to ones of derision.Although Leylin thought of himself as thick-skinned, he still found it somewhat difficult to endure.
Still, he did not leave. No matter what, he still had to eat.
“Hurry up!” A hoarse voice rang out.
“So… Sorry, Lady Angelia!” A freckled boy quickly apologised and took his share of the food before running away.

Advertisement

Previous ChapterNext Chapter

“This?” Leylin’s eyes widened when he heard the mechanical voice in his mind.
‘Isn’t this the assistant A.I. Chip from my previous life? How did it reincarnate with me? This doesn’t make sense!’
He found it hard to believe. He thought to himself, ‘A.I. Chip, scan my mind and locate assistive systems.’
After a mere moment, the A.I. Chip’s mechanical voice replied, [Beep! Scan complete! No foreign existences were found in host’s mind.]
“Hmm, scan my body, and display its stats.” This statement was met with another mechanical sound.

A 3D hologram appeared before Leylin’s eyes. It displayed Leylin’s own body and showed stats on the side. ‘No A.I. Chip? The A.I. Chip is equivalent to a material substance. How did it follow my soul through reincarnation?’ Leylin thought to himself, ‘It seems like some abnormality occurred during the explosion or my reincarnation, and the A.I. Chip’s functions have fused with my soul…
‘If I was still in my previous world, this would be a major discovery. It not only confirms the existence of the soul, but also shows that physical matter and the soul can possibly transform each other! This is definitely something that group of old men in the National Academy of Sciences would go crazy over. It’s a pity that I’ll never see them again.’
This kind of A.I. Chip was essential to scientists in his previous world. Because of issues with human rights and the conscious thought, this technology didn’t have any intelligence of its own, instead serving two primary functions: data storage and analysis.
It would analyse data on the command of its host, gathering data samples and running simulations to make deductions.
Its storage ability was even simpler. It would store everything the host experienced through their five senses and recorded it down. Empirical data showed that it had enough wherewithal to store over 10,000 years’ worth of events.
“Why did the A.I. Chip and my soul fuse together… Bah, I’ll ponder this kind of question later when I have the ability and qualifications to do so. At least with this A.I. Chip, I have some resources in this world.’
The corners of Leylin’s mouth suddenly lifted to form a brilliant smile. He knew that in this medieval period, possessing the result of futuristic technology would definitely open up some extraordinary roads for the future.
“Still. This Leylin’s physique is really…” Leylin grew speechless after seeing the stats in front of him.
This stats displayed were based on each aspect of an adult’s physiology as a standard. Theoretically, the average adult’s displayed stats would all be around 1. Although this Leylin was only 13-14 years old, his stats were still too low.
“Hm? That’s not right. It’s possible that the bodies of the people in this world are generally weaker! A.I. Chip, scan the bodies of the people around me and display their stats!”

‘Well then, it looks like the bodies of these people are stronger than those from my previous world. This Leylin is even inferior to a girl… I’m starting to feel embarrassed for him…’
Leylin scanned his surroundings. The people here were all youths around his age. There was a seemingly very delicate and frail girl whose stats were tons better than Leylin’s, causing him to feel utter despair.
“It looks like this Leylin is a useless leech, an excessively lecherous piece of trash with no control!”
A red warning flashed thrice in succession. This caused Leylin to fall into a state of shock.
“Average stats of 3.0!” After Leylin scanned the information several times to double check that the A.I. Chip hadn’t made a mistake, he was left completely speechless.
‘Even the world champion didn’t have these kinds of stats. This person could easily make people think they were Superman in my previous world…’
As a scientist, Leylin understood well that a stat of 3.2 meant the person’s fighting capabilities, viral resistance, and body recovery speed were all three times greater than that of a normal person.
The various stats displayed being threefold greater than a typical person’s wasn’t as simple as just adding numbers together. What kind of concept was this?
It meant that this person could defeat dozens of people empty-handed, and even get past a group attack by 100 people. In his previous world, he really could be considered a superhero!
‘I’m afraid that a person with these kinds of stats could only be created by genetically modifying their biochemistry in a lab. Moreover, only the minimum would be reached. This world is indeed not a simple one,’ Leylin thought to himself as he looked at the person possessing these terrifying stats once again.
It was a black-clothed person responsible for handing out food. He looked like he was middle-aged, and he had a scar on his face that stretched from his forehead to his lip. It pretty much split his entire face in half, and he looked extremely fierce for it.
The freckled boy from before was completely frightened by this person.
“This is the academy’s servant responsible for receiving us. It’s said that he’s not a Magus, yet he’s already so frightening. What would a real Magus be like then?”
Leylin suddenly discovered that a strong interest and curiosity about the profession of a Magus had arisen inside him. It was to the point where he was itching to go to the academy now and investigate everything.
The line was really short, and it was soon Leylin’s turn. After the black-clothed, scarred man gave Leylin a piece of white bread and some juice, he wordlessly waved Leylin away with an impatient expression on his face.
If it were the previous Leylin, even if he didn’t dare to drag this guy out and lash him a few times because it wasn’t his home, his expression still would’ve turned quite ugly, and he would probably have ranted at the man a bit.
But the current Leylin was naturally not that stupid. Following his memories, he formally bowed and said, “Thank you, Mister!”
The black-clothed man remained expressionless as he watched Leylin turn to leave.
“Ai! I didn’t think that Leylin would really seem like a noble after bowing!” The two youths behind Leylin couldn’t help but secretly whisper to each other.
“Hurry up and move forwards!” The scarred man shouted, his voice exploding into the eardrums of the two.
The great sound scared one of the youths so badly that he fell down onto the ground.
Leylin ignored the discussion behind him as he surveyed the area with a cold gaze. He then bitterly smiled, “Great! I’m really an unwelcome person!”
When he looked at George, George also hurriedly turned his head away. His hands made a secret gesture behind his back.
“Eh, fine. Since you gave me the medicine, I won’t expose you.” Leylin sighed, then found a relatively remote place. Without caring about whether or not the ground was carpeted, he sat down and began to eat heartily.
Leylin thought as he ate. ‘This plain white bread isn’t as good as that from the previous world! But according to Leylin’s memories, this is already considered a food that one can only get during celebrations.’
Based on Leylin’s memories, this world wasn’t very capable at food production. This white bread was an aristocrat’s food. Normally, only minor nobles could enjoy such a thing, and even then only during celebrations of major holidays.
To typical peasants, who only had hard, nutritionless black bread to eat, this was a supreme delicacy.
When he thought of the black bread as hard as rocks from his memories, Leylin sighed, “It’s a good thing that I’m quite fortunate; regardless of whether I’m a noble or a Magus, I’m still in the upper levels of this world, so I won’t need to suffer!”
He ravenously wolfed down the bread and downed the juice in one gulp as well. He then wiped his mouth in satisfaction and returned to the carriage.
Based on the experiences in his memory, the noble youths would set up tents in camp and rest for the entire night before moving again. However, it was clear that nobody would invite Leylin to join them. He didn’t have a tent himself, so he could only sleep on the cold and hard carriage.
‘When I looked just now, there seemed to be 50-some apprentices, 25 black robes, and three of the highest status white robes!’ When he thought of the scene just now when he had been noticed from a distance, the hairs on Leylin’s body rose.
Added on to that were the A.I. Chip’s warnings of [Discovered an unknown radiation source] and [Detected interference from unknown forcefield, scan impossible.]
This formed a shadow in Leylin’s heart.
“It looks like even with the A.I. Chip, I’m still extremely weak in this world. Very well then, if I’m weak I can just obtain the power of magic,” his eyes started to burn with resolve.
“It’s best if I sleep earlier. I still need to hurry on with the journey tomorrow!” Leylin took off his jacket and laid it on the ground to make his sleep more comfortable.
“It’s already been over 3 months since this journey started. We’ve passed through a few dozen kingdoms, yet we still haven’t reached our objective. These ancient transportation conditions are really…” He closed his eyes and fell into a daze.
After some time, the carriage door opened with a bang. Leylin suddenly sat up, his sense of smell being filled with the scent of a rose.
It was sweet and aromatic, extremely pleasing to the nose. It also made his body throb and invoked memories.
“Ley– Leylin… Are you well?” A pleasant, female voice said.
“Bessita? Please come in!” Leylin moved his body. The fragrant scent in the carriage suddenly grew more powerful as a beautiful young girl entered.
She had fair skin and wore red, tight-fitting clothes that accentuated her voluptuous curves. What was even harder for Leylin to forget was this girl’s platinum hair and red eyes that were like crimson jewels. Combined with her beautiful face, she possessed an exotic charm.
This was the very girl because of whom the previous Leylin had been beaten up to the point of losing his life, Bessita.
“Is there anything you need of me?” Although this girl had developed quite well and seemed extremely enticing to the old Leylin, Fang Ming had come from a different world after all. He had experienced a plethora of beauties in his previous life, and this girl was only somewhat good-looking to him.
His attitude was extremely cold and indifferent. It was clear that this manner somewhat shocked the young girl, as the words she was about to say didn’t leave her mouth.
After a long period of silence, she pulled out a small, glass bottle and placed it in Leylin’s hands, “This… this is a medicine for injuries. If you apply it to your body, it’ll help you. I… I’m sorry!”
The girl bowed, revealing the ample, snow-white curves of her chest, causing Leylin’s heart to race.

Advertisement

Previous ChapterNext Chapter
Knight
After she made her apology, the girl ran off like a startled little fawn, leaving her wonderful scent behind.
Looking at the disappearing red figure in the distance, Leylin was rather puzzled. “It was clearly Leylin who had assaulted you, why did you come to apologise? Is there something wrong with your brain?”
He touched the bottle in his hand, thinking to himself: “Did I misjudge her earlier? Could this Bessita be a kind-hearted girl?”
Leylin studied the glass bottle in his hand curiously. “It seems like they already have the technology to produce glass. Although, judging by the workmanship, it still seems rather rough, it is quite decent already!”
As he opened the bottle cap, a medicinal fragrance wafted out.
Following the habits of his past life, Leylin immediately said: “A.I. Chip! Scan this medicine and analyse its components!”
“Eh!” Looking at the results of the experiment, Leylin was struck speechless. “I retract my previous statement; that girl is rather blackhearted!”
However, he soon had the feeling of an adult being pranked by a naughty kid.
“She is still a child after all! She can’t use truly malicious tricks! Perhaps if it were a few years ahead, the bottle would be full of deadly poison instead!”
Looking at the bottle in hand, Leylin thought about it and decided to keep it. “I’ll just keep this for now, who knows when it might come into handy in the future!”
After Bessita left, no one else came to disturb him.
Leylin lay back down. Though it seemed as if he were sleeping, his mind was actually working in overdrive as he thought through things.
“It seems like there shouldn’t be any problems or risks of being found out by going to a Magus academy. Those white robed figures should be Magi, and I have walked by them a few times without drawing attention. It seems like they are also unable to detect anything strange about me. This means… entering a Magus academy should be relatively easy in that sense.”
“However, according to rumours, Magi are all secretive and cruel, at least according to what Viscount John heard. It also seems that in the academies, there is extremely fierce competition amongst the acolytes of the same level despite it being against the rules to kill one another. I need to at least have some form of self-protection.”
As he thought about that, he once again touched the ring hung around his neck, and held it in his hands.
The ring was jet black and nondescript. Within the inner ring, there was a small ‘Y’ inscribed, along with elaborate inscriptions around it.
“With the technological advancements of the Middle Ages, to be able to inscribe such a complicated pattern onto the inner ring is incomprehensible! However, regardless of the issue, as long as it has to do with the mysterious Magi, it shouldn’t be surprising at all!”
Leylin muttered to himself, and issued another command: “A.I. Chip! Scan the ring in my hands!”
“As I’d thought! With the A.I. Chip’s current level, it is still inadequate to analyse something that a Magus left behind!” Leylin sighed and stored the ring.
“How can I increase my power? This body of mine is truly too weak! It cannot even compare to those of the same age. That will not do.”
“If it were my past life, I could still undergo genetic modification. Alas, there is no such option here. Perhaps I should explore this Leylin’s memory once again, and see if there are any methods…”
Leylin thought to himself once again, then found a comfortable spot to lie down, thinking out aloud in his mind: “A.I. Chip! Scan the entirety of Leylin’s memory and arrange it!”
In Leylin’s former world, the world of science had always been of the opinion that the majority of the human brain’s power was not being harnessed. Amongst that power was the ability to access every memory since birth.
Some memories, even if the person in question could not recall them, were actually still stored somewhere in the brain!
Now, as Leylin gave the command, memories of Leylin’s entire life, from birth to his being chosen as a Magus acolyte and going on this journey, were all displayed in front of Leylin’s eyes with the A.I. Chip’s assistance.
Every single memory, down to what was eaten in every meal, as well as their tastes, were retained and displayed in his mind.
Such a large mass of memory was just too confusing, and was also full of useless information. In the past, Leylin had only taken what he had urgently needed, and ignored the rest.
At this point, with the help of the A.I. Chip, he was arranging and sorting everything out!

“Create a new file, named ‘Leylin Farlier’, and save it!” Leylin gave a new order.
“New task, search the file for all possible methods for the host to improve strength quickly!”
In front of Leylin, innumerable amounts of data flashed past, seemingly forming a beautiful picture.
“So many?” Leylin paused a while as he thought. “Remove those with estimated success rate of 50% and below for the Host. Also, add another requirement: The Host must be able to carry out the strengthening method now. Begin filter!”
“Show them to me!”
“Oh! Method 1 is not realistic at the moment; at least, not until I reach the Magus academy, Otherwise, how could I possibly learn how to become a Magus? As for the Knight training, I wonder what that is?”
As Leylin muttered to himself, he immediately assigned a new task. “A.I. Chip, assemble all memory regarding Knight training. Once it has been arranged properly, send it into my memory!”
After the data was directly transmitted to his brain, Leylin began to understand what a so-called Knight was.
In this world, there were several mysterious forces. However, the ones commoners had the most experience with were Knights!
Knights were warriors who had gone through tough training and had stimulated their inner life energy. Their physical attributes were way beyond that of a normal human.
To be a Magus, it required a specific kind of gift, and amongst tens of thousands of people, it was possible that there wasn’t even one such person. However, being a Knight was different; as long as they were willing to put in the effort, anyone could become a Knight!
For these Knights, not only were their physical attributes several times that of normal humans, they were also well versed in using various weaponry, as well as in the killing arts. Some Knights even had special secret skills that could unleash a sudden burst of power!
The kingdoms of the common world, along with the nobility, were generally made up of Knights.
The Farlier family which Leylin was part of was also a Knight family. The original founder of the family had fought in wars together with the king, and had accomplished much meritorious service. Thus, they had been awarded with the Viscount title, as well corresponding holdings.
After an overall sweep of the information, Leylin remembered a scene from the past.
It was a small jungle in the viscount holdings, and John Farlier was wearing a warrior’s outfit with a stern expression on his face. He was facing the infant Leylin as he said: “Today, I will teach you the secret skill that has been passed down in the Farlier family: the cross blade technique and the accompanying breathing techniques. You must remember that you can never teach this to anyone outside our family!” At that moment, Viscount John’s face held an unprecedented stern look!
Alas, Leylin was still an infant at that point, and obviously did not put much thought into the matter, thus eventually forgetting it. Viscount John tried to force him into training a few times, but Leylin was so afraid of suffering and fatigue that after a while, even Viscount John had to give up.
“Sigh… an overly compassionate father leads to a failure of a son!” Only now did Leylin realise how the previous body’s owner had became such a spoilt brat.
Although the young Leylin only knew how to act like a playboy and had totally forgotten everything about the Knight training for the family secret skill, Leylin managed to recover all of it with the help of the A.I. Chip.
Cross Blade Basic Sword Style: Horizontal Slash, Vertical Slash, Piercing Attack, Slanted Slash…
Footwork: Advance, Retreat, Dodge…
There was also the accompanying breathing technique. All of it appeared clearly in Leylin’s mind, along with the experience that Viscount John had imparted.
The memory finally ended with Viscount John emitting white mist from his mouth as he manipulated his cross blade, and splitting a rock as large as a millstone in two with a single cleave!
“Hm… a Knight is considered the lowest mysterious power, yet they are already so strong! What kind of existence are those Magi who are high above Knights?”
Leylin’s eyes burned with a fiery passion.
“Sigh! I have to take things step by step. I had better concentrate on this Knight’s breathing technique first! Anyways, the Knight training does not clash with Magus training. At least I’ll have some measure of self defense for now.”
After a detailed analysis, Leylin discovered that the so-called breathing technique of this world was very similar to the internal qigong of his previous world, but was a lot more crude. It was very dependant on external stimulations to activate the inner life energy.
“According to rumours, if a warrior goes through the Knight training and is still unable to activate their inner life energy, the only option is to enter the battlefield and go through fierce and bloody battles. This is the only other way to trigger their inner life energy, and become a Knight!”
“A.I. Chip, transfer the knowledge of the cross blade technique to me!” Leylin issued his next order.
Soon after, a large amount of knowledge regarding the technique was transferred directly into his mind. It was etched deeply into his brain, as if he had been training in it since he was young.
“Isolate the cross blade technique and save it into a new file, with the filename of ‘cross blade technique basics’!”
As the A.I. Chip notification sounded out in his mind, Leylin’s lips curved in a smile. With the help of the A.I. Chip, his learning speed was unbelievably quick – fast enough to make any so-called genius commit suicide from shame!
“Now that I have all the memories of it, it is just a matter of finding a cross blade, and going through some actual practice. If all goes well, I have confidence in mastering it within ten days, bringing myself to Viscount John’s level!”
All these sword techniques are merely killing arts. The most important thing for Knight training is the accompanying breathing technique!” Leylin muttered to himself.
“A.I. Chip! According to my statistics, simulate and create the best model for me to start training the breathing technique!”
As the mechanical voice sounded out, a 3D model of a human figure appeared in front of Leylin’s eyes. It was transparent and shimmering in blue light, and appeared exactly the same as him – a 13 year old youth with Western features, brown hair, big eyes and bushy eyebrows.
The 3D figure repeatedly started training the breathing technique, constantly adjusting the frequency, rate and magnitude. Slowly, a red line could be seen moving around in the 3D figure’s body.
After a few minutes, the simulation ended, and the A.I. Chip’s mechanical voice sounded out once more.

Warning: If the Host goes through long term training of this technique, it will result in residual damage caused to the Host body. Recommendation to think twice before starting.]
“Phew! This is indeed an impressive Knight training technique! As long as I persevere, I will quickly be able to improve my power! Alas, I wonder if there is any way to remove the effect of the residual damage?”
Leylin said with a faint smile.
At this time, the A.I. Chip’s voice suddenly sounded out.
“The A.I. Chip actually has such abilities?” A joyful look rose on Leylin’s face.
Previous ChapterNext Chapter
Advertisement

Previous ChapterNext Chapter
Cultivation
“I never thought that this A.I. Chip’s analyzing abilities could also work on the Knight breathing technique in this world!”
Leylin exclaimed and said: “Optimise immediately!”
“Yep, 125 minutes, which is over 2 hours; I can afford to wait!” Leylin felt at ease.
After waiting rather impatiently, the two hours finally passed. The A.I. Chip’s voice sounded out right on time.
“Very good!” This result made Leylin very satisfied.
If the effect was a 5% increase each time, then dozens of times, and even hundreds of times, would result in huge differences.
“Rumor has it that the cross blade technique and the breathing technique were obtained by the founder after dozens of bloody battles, where he finally obtaining it from the corpse of a Knight. Amongst the many Knight families, it is considered to be the upper middle grade!” “After the optimization of the breathing technique done by the A.I. Chip, I’m afraid it might even be comparable to the secret scroll techniques of those smaller kingdoms!”
Leylin quietly pondered, and immediately said in an impatient manner: “A.I. Chip, transfer the optimized breathing technique to the memory zone!”
The A.I. Chip chip duly carried out its orders and brought large amounts of images depicting the breathing technique back to Leylin’s mind.
After a few minutes of transfer, Leylin gently rubbed his head: “I feel a little giddy, but this is a normal occurrence!”
Right now his brain was filled with large amounts of memories about the breathing technique and the many matching sequences of practised experience. Compared to an average person, he did not have to go on the roundabout route.
“I did not feel it in my previous life, but in this world, the A.I. Chip really gives me a huge advantage compared to an average person!”
Leylin mumbled on: “With this A.I. Chip’s ability to simulate and analyse, I am able to obtain the same result as a person who has to go through 10 years of hard work and experience, I only have to do exactly what the A.I. Chip has presented, and I will be able to do things in the most accurate manner!”
The breathing technique had many contradictions, and some of them required more than a verbal explanation to be understood.
One had to go through the experience of training, and go along some complicated paths.,
Only then would they be able to gain enlightenment.
But these things could all be avoided with the A.I. Chip’s analysing abilities.
“I’ll give it a try!” Leylin thought, and his body laid on the floor in the shape of a cross.
According to the suggestions on the breathing technique which was presented by the A.I. Chip, there was no need to have any special actions to complement it, but just to find the most suitable and comfortable position.
“First, I must hold my breath for 65 seconds, then take three long and one short breaths. The duration and frequency must be……”
Leylin followed the description of the breathing technique, and gradually entered a state of cultivation.
He looked unconscious; his face was bright red and his temples throbbed as if carrying out some kind of exercise.
As time passed, Leylin’s face grew redder, and eventually, he began to perspire out some faint black coloured fluid.
After he had maintained this process for over 20 minutes, Leylin opened both of his eyes and opened his mouth to exhale.
Phew! ! !
A black coloured breath was exhaled just like this.
Within his body, some cracking noises could be made out.
Leylin stood up and moved his four limbs. His whole body was warm as if he had just undergone a vigorous exercise.
“A.I. Chip, display my body’s statistics!” Leylin ordered.
Leylin remained impassive: “Change the method of display and move the data back to 10 decimal points. Also, make comparisons with the data before the cultivation.”
With Leylin’s orders, the image flickered, and the body statistics had shown 10 more decimal points. The last three numbers had not stopped changing.

0.005, Agility by 0.006, and vitality by 0.004]
The A.I. Chip faithfully relayed the message.
“Mn! Because this was the first practice, the figures are still climbing up!” Leylin analyzed and said.
“I’ve only cultivated for a bit over 20 minutes, but, the data’s increase is already rather considerable. With perseverance, it’s just a matter of time before I have the stats of a black-robed man!”
“Which is to say, those ten odd black robed men are all Knights!”
Leylin thought indifferently, “What a pity. According to my memory and the A.I. Chip analysis, breathing techniques have cultivation limits. The Farlier family’s breathing technique can only be practiced once a day. Additional practice will not only have no additional benefits but will even cause harm to the body!”
“A.I. Chip, are there any methods to let me increase the number of times I can practice the breathing technique?” Leylin asked.

“List all the necessary medicinal items!”

“Is it possible to substitute any of them with other medicinal items or herbs?” This seemed to be an obviously impossible task, but Leylin furrowed his brows and asked anyway.

“As long as there is a way, then it’s alright!” Leylin heaved a sigh of relief.
He looked at his own body again. Because large amounts of sticky substance had been produced after the breathing technique training, his body felt very sticky, which was extremely uncomfortable to the touch.
Leylin frowned: “Looks like I’ll have to wash up first!”
He began to make his way out of the horse carriage. It was midnight by this hour, and the various young nobles were all sleeping soundly in the tent. Leylin quietly stepped out of the carriage and ran towards a small river that was nearby. [Warning! A human is approaching!] The A.I. Chip prompted.
Leylin pretended that he was oblivious, and continued his advances.
“What are you trying to do?” A voice rang behind Leylin.
“So fast!” Leylin pupils shrank, “I had already been aware, but I was still unable to discover that he had arrived behind me. If he has any bad intentions, then I definitely won’t be able to resist in any way!”
On the surface, he still pretended to be scared out of his wits: “Ah……Who? Who?” Leylin turned around his body to look back, seeing the black-robed man who had been distributing the rations earlier in the day. Leylin remembered his name to be Angelo. “Hel…..Hello! Sir Angelo! I feel that I’m a little dirty, and wanted to wash myself!” Leylin face was pale, as if he was frightened, and did not even have the capabilities to speak properly. “Wash yourself?” The black robed man furrowed his brows and wrinkled his nose. He could indeed smell a stench coming from Leylin.
“Alright! It is rather dangerous here at night, especially for young nobles like you bunch! Return quickly after washing!”
The black robed Angelo said. Not paying anymore mind to Leylin, he turned around and walked towards the heart of the horse carriage, where his tent was.
“Thank you for your reminders! Sir Angelo!” Leylin still said with a bow, no matter whether this man had heard him or not.
Always being careful had been part of his principles in life.
After seeing Angelo leave completely, Leylin then strode forward and headed towards the small river.
Angelo walked into his own tent and pulled down his mask, exposing his scarred face. “The substance expelled from the body after practicing Knight breathing technique? What a nostalgic feeling! Looking at these young people reminds me of my inexperienced self from the past!”
“What a pity, though, if I was also born of nobility, I wouldn’t need to practice the Knight breathing technique. I had even risked being part of a Magus’s experiment and ended up in this state……”
Angelo muttered. His shadow and the tent’s overlapped into one body, in­differentiable from each other.
Along the way, Leylin casually plucked the wild flowers and plants and popped them into his mouth from time to time.
“I think that black robed Angelo must have realised something. But it doesn’t matter, a nobility practising a passed down Knight breathing technique is just a normal occurrence.” “Furthermore, he already has the physical qualities of a Knight, so he definitely has his own breathing technique, and won’t need to get mine. Besides, even if he wanted it, it wouldn’t be a big deal. I can just write it down and give him a copy…”
Since there was such a large difference in strength, Leylin did not have any intention of protecting the secrets of the Farlier family.
However, it seemed that Angelo did not even fancy the Knight breathing techniques from small noble families.
Chewing a grass stalk in his mouth, there was a bitter taste to it. However, Leylin did not mind and even had some nostalgic feelings of back when he was little.

“Pui!” Leylin immediately spat out the grass stalk in his mouth and replaced it with another plant.
“Take down the shape and qualities of the plant earlier and save it. Now we will proceed with another round of analysis!” Leylin commanded in his mind.
“According to Leylin’s memories, this is called the Tri­Night Grass huh, A.I. Chip! Rename to
Tri­Night Grass, and save it inside the database!”
“Mmn! This is ‘Red Fruit’, the taste is not bad!” Leylin plucked a bunch of fruits on a pile of shrubs.
These fruits were only the size of Leylin’s thumb, and they had ripened on the top of a barbed vine. Their appearances were quite beautiful.
Leylin carefully avoided the barbs and plucked one of the Red Fruits.
He placed it into his mouth and bit down with a crisp noise. A sweet juice was squeezed out from the fruit, filling his mouth.
“Mm! The taste is the same as an apple’s, just a tad sweeter.” Leylin evaluated.
“A.I. Chip! Analyse……”
……
Along the way, Leylin saved data about over 30 kinds of plants and herbs. Unfortunately, none of them were of any use to him.
He arrived at the small river. The ear­piercing sounds of the trickling stream of water crashing against the rocks broke the silence of the night.
“A.I. Chip! Scan the surroundings!” Leylin commanded. Even if the black robed Angelo hadn’t warned him, he still had confidence in avoiding danger with the A.I. Chip.

“Well, it’s good that there is no danger. I don’t want to run back to the camp midway through my washing. That will definitely make me the biggest laughing stock……”
Leylin muttered and he took off his outer robes and underwear, entering the river naked.
The icy cold river engulfed his body, refreshing him.
“This water is really cold, I am beginning to miss the water heater from my past life!”
Previous ChapterNext Chapter
Advertisement

Previous ChapterNext Chapter
Cross Blade
Ding!
Two steel swords clashed, emitting a crisp sound.
“Leylin! You are still not my match, give it up!” George used both hands and grabbed the hilt, and laughingly said.
“We aren’t done yet!” Leylin shouted, and his legs moved in a strange footwork, and once again initiated an attack.
“Hah!” George swung the long sword in his hands, which brought a sinister rustling of the wind.
The cross blade in Leylin’s hand swept, and blocked George’s attack.
“Good! Your parry posture is not bad!” George praised loudly. “Careful! My next attack will be on your left leg!”
“Bring it on!” Leylin made his preparations.
“Watch me!” George swung the two handed sword in his hands, and made a beautiful yet deadly arc towards him, sending it towards Leylin’s right leg.
Leylin retreated a step back, and blocked George’s two-handed sword in midair with his cross blade, “You definitely said the left leg, you didn’t keep your word!”
“Haha…..This is called tactics! It is to test your agility. My dad has always taught me, if one doesn’t know how to scheme, then one day he will surely be played to death by others! I only want to scheme, not to be the target of schemes!”
George laughed and said, and then pulled back his huge sword.
“No more! No more! You are getting better each and every time! I wouldn’t be able to beat you after a few more days!”
Scratching his puzzled head: “Leylin! My sword technique is passed down by a Grand Knight, I put in much effort, training with blood and sweat, so much so that my teacher said that my swordplay is better than the average Knight! Yet, you who can fight me to a standstill, how could you have been beaten by Ourin?”
“These sword techniques were taught to me by my father when I was younger, unfortunately
I had forgotten it, and I’m currently trying to practice more in order to recall it!”
Leylin clenched his fists, and his face turned red.
“Once I have strength, I will definitely seek revenge viciously, and break Ourin’s legs!”
He looks like a hot blooded youngster who was filled with determination after a setback. “My dear Leylin, I believe in you. You will definitely fulfil your wish!” George patted Leylin’s shoulder.
And with another look of pity:” Currently, with your ability, it is already sufficient to seek your revenge!”
After sparring, George had a rough understanding of Leylin’s strength.
“Right now I can deal with one or two of them, but Ourin has five members!” Leylin was fretting over it.
Actually, he was already confident in dealing with Ourin and his gang, but without an excuse, how could he fool George into continuously practicing with him?
“Oh right, you mentioned Grand Knights earlier, what are they?” Leylin remembered
George’s complaint earlier, and casually asked.
“You are talking about the Grand Knights? They are one realm higher than Knights. No matter where they go, they are considered a great existence! If one is lucky, a king might even be hospitable to them! And if one is willing to pledge loyalty, then they will definitely become a troop commander!”
“Their physical body has been pushed to the extremes, and rumours has it that apart from the long distance crossbow formation, even if a heavy cavalry troop were to charge at them, they won’t be able to stop them from advancing!”
“So powerful!” Leylin muttered.
A commander of a troop has the same status of an earl, and even Viscount John had to greet them if he saw one.
A heavy cavalry troop is the peak of a troop’s strength in this era of medieval weapons. Once they charged, even a smaller city’s walls might fall. For a Grand Knight to actually be able to use merely their physical body to fight with them, how strong would they have to be? Looking at Leylin who had a yearning expression on his face, George laughed out loud and consoled: “You don’t have to envy them, a magus has an even more mysterious and stronger power compared to that of a Knight. As long as you become a magus acolyte, your status is comparable to that of a Grand Knight. And if you become an actual Magus, then congratulations, killing a Grand Knight is easier than stepping on an ant. The various kings from kingdoms will all want to strive to be first and fear to be last in stuffing their beautiful daughters on your bed……”
“A magus is that powerful?” Leylin was skeptical ” Then why are the black robes so cold to us, who have the possibility of turning into a Magus? They are naught but Knights!” “Hmm about this? I am not too sure, but a Magus’s status is definitely very high. This was
told to me by my father! I can swear it upon my Borunin family’s reputation.”
George touched his nose and replied rather awkwardly.
“Alright! Alright! It’s not like I don’t believe you!” Leylin felt a little exasperated.
Speaking within his heart “A.I. Chip! Scan the person in front of me!”

Warriors who had started cultivating the Knight breathing technique and thus improved their physique, but had not been able to ignite their internal life energy yet, were commonly known as preparatory Knights!
George’s physique could be considered at the peak standard even amongst these preparatory Knights!
This was also linked to his nobility status and being able to use large amounts of expensive medicine to assist in improving his body’s physique.
“Alright, we have sufficient rest now, let us head back! I do not want to return too late and find those black robes staring coldly at me!”
George looked at his surroundings, and the bright moonlight coated the surrounding with a layer of silver colour light, the tranquility of the night was occasionally interrupted by insect cries.
Leylin did not wish to attract attention during the day as they were travelling, so he sneaked out to practice with George at night.
Naturally, this did not escape the black robes, but after a few encounters, Leylin found their attitude to be extremely cold. As long as one did not wander too far away from the camp and cause trouble, they would not care about them.
“Just once more round, we’ll head back!” Leylin said. “After this round, I’ll return this cross blade to you!”
“En……Eh? George was a little absent minded, and then his eyes lit up. ” Are you finally done using it? Gus had been bothering me for it!”
In order to train in sword techniques, the first requirement would be to have a cross blade! As nobility, there were many youngsters that wore warrior’s robes, with a sword attached to their waist.
However, the previous Leylin did not do so, the reason being that it was too heavy, and it restricted his movements!
Because he found it troublesome, the previous Leylin had travelled without even a dagger on him. This had caused Leylin now to be in the awkward situation where he was totally weaponless, without even a cross blade to practice with.
For the sake of practising, Leylin turned his attention to the first friend he saw when he woke up – George.
Using threats of exposing their friendship, he had made George lend him a weapon and train with him!
Thinking back when George’s eyes had turned white and had an expression as though he has met with a bad friend, Leylin laughed uncontrollably.
“Your swordplay is improving at an extremely fast pace! But do you really not need the cross blade?” George asked.
“I am rather familiar with Gus anyways so even if I were to lend it to you for a little while longer, it’s not a big deal……”
“Thank you for your kind intentions! But I really do not need it!” Leylin smiled as he rejected his offer.
After this period of sparring, he had already seen through the secret technique of the Farlier’s family. Furthermore, due to the A.I. Chip, his swordplay would always remain at its peak state so his skills will not go rusty due to not practicing the cross blade for a long time.
“Good, then we will fight one more match with the same rules. I will only use the same amount of strength as you will!”
As George said that, he picked up his big two handed sword and walked towards the centre
of the patch of grass, his sword emitting a cold light as it reflected the moonlight.
Leylin had also walked over, “Come on! This time, I won’t hold back!”
He had thought of an experiment and had sent out the invitation in order to carry it out. “A.I. Chip! Establish Task! Analyse the opponent’s strength and the surroundings to come up with the best plan to defeat him!” [Task Establishing. Beginning analysis.] [Simulation results – Host is unwounded, target loses his ability to fight. Please confirm on whether to turn on the vision aid?]
“Turn it on! ” Upon Leylin’s command, countless of blue lines appeared before his eyes that, as if turning the area into some sort of virtual world.

“Heh! Watch the sword!” George shouted, and as expected, he initiated the attack first, waving his two-handed sword. He charged over, the motion almost mirroring the projected image.
Leylin’s lips curled, and dodged the attack, and he raised both his hands along with the cross blade. Leaping up high, he viciously swung it down.
Jumping Slash!
“Damn! How did this happen?” George cried strangely and ducked the cross blade with a roll on the floor.
Leylin’s cross blade struck onto the floor, which brought up some of the mud and small pieces of stones.
George got up, a serious look on his face. He felt as if Leylin had predicted his attack, almost as if he had read his motions and knew them like the back of his palm.
“If you are not attacking, then I am going to counterattack!” Leylin said smilingly.
“Bring it on!” George stared nervously at Leylin.
Leylin gripped his cross blade, took a step forward and pierced forward! Every action and movement had all been accurately performed as seen from a textbook.
George made a blocking motion, but his body moved to the side instead, and as he dodged
the pierce, he countered Leylin’s attack with a slash of his own!
Following the A.I. Chip instructions, Leylin dodged George’s large sword, and sent a horizontal slash, almost slicing George as he slashed.
The more they fought, the more perspiration formed on George’s face.
His every move and action had all been parried perfectly by Leylin and his evading range had gradually decreased.
“I can’t carry on like this any longer! I’ll stake it all on this!” George fiercely swung his large sword and sent it clashing with Leylin’s.
Bang! A piece of silver light flew out and directly pierced into the grass. It was the large sword in George’s hands! The blade had not stopped quivering as it let out a ‘weng weng’ sound.
In the sparring area, Leylin’s cross blade sword had touched horizontally at George’s waist. “You’ve lost!”
“Indeed! I lost!”
George muttered, and then immediately stared at Leylin :”How did you do that?”
“It is actually very simple, after training with you for a long time, I have already remembered the sequence of your movements!” Leylin withdrew his sword and bowed smilingly.
“The……sequence of my movements?” George repeated.
“Yes, to put it in a simple way, everyone has a habit when they strike. As long as you can remember them, then it will be easy to arrange a trap according to the enemy’s habits. I have used the same trick on you!”
“Phew!” George exhaled out a long breath, “I understand now!”
And then looking at Leylin momentarily, as if he was looking at a monster:” Your gift in sword technique is absolutely the best that I have ever seen! If you are not chosen to be a Magus acolyte, I will definitely recommend you to go to a kingdom’s capital’s Imperial Knight Institute!”
Previous ChapterNext Chapter
Advertisement

