Previous ChapterNext Chapter
Fleeing
“With how powerful Magi who comprehend laws are, just a fragment should contain a portion of his conscient and memories. There might even be a chance of getting some inheritance…” Leylin muttered, “I must get that Nightmare Wizard’s inheritance!”
Dreamforce had always interested Leylin. The A.I. Chip stored the progress on his work the data from his continued experiments. He’d never given up studying it.
Rank 7 Magi needed to grasp powerful laws, while rank 8s needed to find their own path to fuse these laws, using a certain power as the base.
Leylin’s goal was immortality, and he had definitely considered the future properly. If possible, he definitely wanted to use the origin forces from the Magus World and World of Gods to fuse his own laws. It was a pity that this was impossible. He might alarm the two World Wills, and on top of that there were other existences that wouldn’t allow him to do so.
Dreamscape was the next greatest power. It surpassed big worlds like the Purgatory and Icy Worlds, and if not for its weakening phase the two strongest worlds in ancient times would have been joined by a third.
Dreamforce at its peak was the most powerful origin force beside those of the Magus World and World of Gods. Only a path that fused laws with dreamforce would stand up to Leylin’s ambition!
However, to completely analyse dreamforce and find ways to evade the weakening phase was still a huge and arduous task for him now. Even with help from the A.I. Chip, he estimated that it would require over ten thousand years.
Instead, a bright future was right before him. As long as he obtained the legacy of the Nightmare Wizard, then the issue with dreamforce could be immediately solved! With such a huge temptation, Leylin’s inquiring footsteps were unhindered by the great dangers within the forest.
“Captain! We’ve interrogated the prisoners. Miss Isabel was forced into this forest. Every full moon, the forest will be filled with great danger, and nobody has ever survived!” Robin Hood was extremely glum, while the knife at Ronald’s hip was stained with blood, his expression dark.
“I’m going in,” Leylin suddenly spoke.
“Captain!” “My lord, let me go!” Robin Hood and Ronald immediately persuaded him not to. From their point of view, they had already lost Isabel to a trap, and if Leylin too were to disappear within it all that awaited them would be the ire of the Faulen Family.
“Don’t worry, I’m confident in myself. Tell the pirates not to get close to the forest and the dark red fog. It’s best they retreat close to the coastline…” Leylin waved his arms and spoke resolutely. He inspired more fear than even Isabel in the older Scarlet Tigers, and his orders were carried out decisively.
”Is this contamination from a combination of mutated dreamforce and the laws of the World of Gods?” Leylin put on his wizard robes and wore his dragonhide armour. The Red Dragon Staff in hand roared, and the cries of the dragon soul inside could somewhat be heard from the crystal grabbed by the dragon claw.
As he had rejected the pleas of Robin Hood and the rest, he was now alone. That meant he could use his strength as he pleased. The pirates would only have been a burden in areas contaminated with dreamforce.
“A.I. Chip, begin transformation!” Standing at the side of the forest, Leylin immediately commanded.

“Arcane dreamforce spell— Eternal Light!” Leylin pointed his right index finger forward, and a milky-white flame flew from the tip of his finger. It grew with the wind, reaching the size of a pumpkin in an instant.
The dark red fog dissipated under the pure white flames, revealing the original appearance of the forest.
“A.I. Chip, scan for energy undulations!” Leylin flipped his palm over, and the shattered alert rune appeared once more. A scan gave him the general direction, and he disappeared into the thick fog.
The moment any dark red fog entered his surroundings, it would be engulfed by his Eternal Light spell. It formed a strange isolated area around him.
Leylin’s decision to explore the area was naturally because he was confident in himself. He could rely on arcane dreamforce spells!
With his research in the Magus World, he possessed many spell models for dreamforce spells. Using his arcanist inheritance, he could easily convert them for use in the World of Gods. There was no issue at all given the A.I. Chip’s powerful analysis and calculation abilities.
“Dreamforce spells are the best way to deal with beings contaminated by dreamforce,” Leylin sighed.
A dark red fireball immediately burnt a strange ent up ahead to ashes. Unlike Isabel’s, his attacks left the monsters with no chance of revival.
‘I’m close… Over there!’ All of a sudden, Leylin’s brow twitched. A large pair of wings instantly sprouted from his back, allowing him to soar into the sky…
Meanwhile, Isabel’s crisis had reached its crescendo.
“Scram!” Angered cries and terrifying flames caused a large centipede to take several steps backwards.
“Keke… too weak… too weak…” Strange human faces were sticking out of this monster’s outer shell. Amongst them were those belonging to the pirates under her, their eyes emitting a red lustre as they began to snicker.
Her draconic flames left not a trace on the monster’s shell, as if it had a defensive power that made it hard to destroy.
“Become a part of me!” One of the faces opened its mouth, corrosive green liquid spraying out like rainwater.
Even the dragonscale defence sputtered upon contact, steam billowing out. The immense pain from the corrosion caused Isabel to frown hard.
“Quick, come!” Karen appeared at the side, pulling at Isabel’s arm and running.
“I never thought it would just be the two of us left. I shouldn’t have come in.” Isabel now looked regretful.
“This is not the time to worry about that. Sister Isabel, I’ve taken a look around. The dark red fog wall seems to show signs of dissipating. As long as we hang on for a while longer, we can exit this place!” Karen encouraged her.
“Leave… haha…” Isabel now looked extremely pathetic, but much of the damage was to her mind. She had never thought she would see such strange things as she had this day. It was more than she had experienced in her lifetime.
After she had brought her subordinates and retreated into the forest, all sorts of weird things had appeared when night fell. At the beginning, she had thought it was some sick joke, but she soon found that she had to pay for that in blood.
Trees that could walk, flowers and grass that could sing, stones that had qi, the dead being able to revive, numerous clowns… All sorts of things she could not even name attacked them in succession. They were grotesque and variegated, almost causing her to think that she had gone insane.
The subordinates under her fell one by one, gulped down by either real or imaginary beings. Now, only she and Karen were left.
“That centipede monster is very strong and at least has legendary strength. Does that mean we can only evade… Hm? What is it, Karen? Are you hurt?”
Isabel looked at Karen beside her. The half-drow now had her back to Isabel, shoulders trembling slightly.
A palm touched Isabel’s shoulder, and her expression immediately changed, “There’s no heat. You’re not Karen!”
“Hehe… adorable little captain, if I’m not Karen, who else can I be?” Karen turned back, light shining on half her face. However, Isabel’s pupils only shrunk. Her beautiful face had now split from the middle, revealing terrifying white razor-sharp teeth, as if her face had turned into a large mouth.
“Damn it, what the hell are you?” Isabel yelled. Terrifying flames formed rings of fire that were several metres long, managing to get ‘Karen’ to back off.
“Heehee… What could I be?”
*Rumble!* The earth split, and the human-faced centipede appeared once more. Karen snickered as she dug her hands into the centipede and fused with it. At the end, the monster that looked like Karen completely disappeared, its only remnant a pale face.
*Chi! Chi!* The huge centipede let out earth-shattering cries, cold air bursting forth from its mouth. The surrounding trees and soil were covered in a layer of ice.
“It has a clone with a power of ice, and can’t die. Gods… Could this be some sort of special variant of god?” This was the only conclusion Isabel could come up with. The terrifying chilliness began to freeze her body, causing even the dragonblood in her body to still.
“No, I can’t die here!” Isabel looked resolute as the red scales on her body exploded.
“Blood Explosion!” The bloody red fog blocked the ice off, finally giving Isabel a route of escape.
Previous ChapterNext Chapter
Advertisement

Previous ChapterNext Chapter
Rescue
Blood Explosion wasn’t sorcery. It was an unknown spell recorded in Dragon King’s Mystic Might that allowed a Dragon Warlock to burn their bloodline in exchange for ultimate strength. It was something used when left without choice, a decision to make when in complete despair.
While the blood fog hindering the chilly fog, Isabel now had a path of escape. However, she had now reverted to her human form and could no longer transform. On top of that, the areas that had been covered in dragon scales turned into a mass of bruises.
However, her desire to survive still pushed her to advance forth in the fog forest.
“So I can’t hold on anymore?” The haemorrhaging blood and injuries caused everything to blur, and it all turned into darkness.
“Hm? Boss!” Before collapsing, the last thing she heard was a voice of surprise.
……
“Ugh… I’m not dead yet?” Isabel raised her right arm and caressed the Red Dragon Sword, the burst of warmth from the sword sheath instantly making her feel relieved. While she felt just as weak as before, having a weapon in her hand would allow her to die with more dignity.
Isabel laughed wryly as she began to assess her surroundings, ‘It’s rather small here, and I seem to be in some enclosed environment. There was also that voice I heard before I fainted…’
“You’re awake!” A muffled voice sounded by Isabel’s ear, and her pupils widened slightly. It was Karen’s voice!
“Where– Where am I now?” Isabel asked slowly, her eyes doing their best to adapt to the darkness as they looked for traces of light.
“We’re inside a hollow tree. We haven’t escaped danger yet!” Karen did not seem to be in the best state either, as she stumbled over her words, “He- Hehe, I’m guessing you saw a monster that looked a lot like me, right? I also met with great danger with someone I knew well!”
Isabel was not so easily convinced, “Who’s the vice captain on our ship?”
“Three Ears, although he was struck a fatal blow and eventually crippled in the last naval battle. Karen especially pressed her lips to Isabel’s ear, “Also… I know a lot more private information, such as what you hide under your pillow…”
“Enough! I believe you’re the real thing!” A flush rose on Isabel’s cheeks as she interrupted Karen.
“This is such a critical time, and that is what you decided to point out?” Isabel’s low voice was filled with anger.
“We need to change our mentality,” Karen said solemnly, “Did you notice that these monsters have held back from killing us? It’s like… What’s an appropriate word… Teasing us. Yes!”
“You mean…” Isabel had the same thought.
“Exactly! I think those monsters feed on human emotions. They keep scaring us to cause despair…”
Karen sounded agitated, “Beings like this exist in the Underdark as well. That’s why I’m doing my best to hold in the fear and unease in my heart. Surprisingly, I haven’t bumped into any particularly powerful monster, and have managed to hold on till now…”
As a half-drow from the Underdark, Karen evidently had a better understanding of such evil monsters. It was a pity though. Her ideas may have been valid in the World of Gods, but dreamforce wasn’t as simple.
Still, Isabel now had no choice but to believe her, “In other words, I can deal with them easily if I suppress my emotions?”
“I can only say there’s a slight effect, since completely obliterating all emotions are things only legendary mind flayers can do…” Karen had a wry smile on her face.
“Also… be careful not to experience intense emotion. It will only attract more powerful monsters!”
“I understand…” Isabel nodded, “These things only seem to appear at night. As long as we can hold on till sunrise tomorrow, we might be safe…” Isabel now had no thoughts of bringing more men to explore the area. She only hoped to escape as far as possible.
*Rumble!* The surface of the ground trembled slightly, and a strange monstrous laughter sounded out. Isabel began to get nervous, “Be careful, something’s here!”
She could see the human centipede crawl over slowly through the hole in the tree, large amounts of saliva dripping from its head. The surrounding trees were pushed away, revealing the sinister and terrifying human faces on the shell.
“Relax, as long as we calm ourselves, it can’t find us…” Karen’s voice trembled, evidently still uneasy at this life and death gamble.
‘Don’t think too much. No! Don’t think about anything, and don’t have any emotions!’ Karen thought to herself as Isabel tightened her grasp on her sheath.
It seemed like their prayers had been answered. The giant centipede didn’t seem to discover them as it wandered past the large tree.
‘It really worked!’ ‘We did it!’ Isabel and Karen exchanged a glance, looking hopeful and excited.
*Huala!* The large trunk was split apart all of a sudden, revealing the two. They stared in shock as the giant centipede swayed back and forth.
“Keke, is this a game of catch?” The faces on the shell kept changing until a child’s face appeared, speaking in a young voice.
“What a pity… You thought calming your emotions would help you escape Zelos. How childish!” The human face warped, becoming that of a middle-aged pirate. The voice grew older as well.
“Hehe… the game’s over! Become a part of me!” The large centipede yelled, the numerous faces on its shell separating themselves and turning into white human silhouettes with masks. They moved slowly, looking blank as they surrounded the two.
“No, why did this happen? Did we guess wrong?”
“This is a nightmare. This has to be a nightmare! No… let me wake up! I want my mother…” Karen was the first to break under the immense pressure, seemingly laughing and crying at the same time.
“Damn it, I knew women aren’t dependable at critical moments!” Isabel cursed, her sword being thrust into a white figure to no effect. They were still slowly surrounding her.
“There’s no way… There’s no way at all… I’ll really die here…” Isabel seemed bedazzled in that moment, her life flashing before her eyes. A hint of tenderness appearing in her gaze, “Unfortunately…”
“Arcane dreamforce spell— Flying Palm!” Just as the white figures were about to completely surround them, a black figure fell from above. Powerful spells shot out, pulling the dark red fog together to form a large palm.
*Thud!* The large palm pressed down abruptly, and countless white figures were crushed. With a swipe, the rest were sent flying.
“Thankfully, I got here in time!” Leylin turned back, glancing at Isabel’s expression as she looked shocked and elated, “Are you two alright?”
“We’re fine! I’ll leave this to…” Isabel felt very suffocated, and only managed to say this at the end before fainting.
“Has her stamina completely run out? And this one…” Leylin watched Karen on the ground, who had been scared stupid, “She looks like she was terrified. Not surprising; not everyone can bear the shock of experiencing dreamforce…”
“Keke… another one! Another one that will become a part of my body!” The large centipede’s head now split open, revealing an old face filled with wrinkles. The other fragmented white figures were inhaled into its body, and masked faces appeared on the crust.
“Such a large being contaminated by dreamforce… it’s a